--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This directory contains the parCASL library.

The parCASL library is copyrighted by the University of California. Use of the
parCASL library is subjected to the license terms quoted below.

Some of the files in the ‘src’ directory fall under a different license. For 
more information, please consult the `COPYING’ file.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       UCSB parCASL Library LICENSE TERMS                       

These license terms form an agreement (“Agreement”) between The Regents of the
University of California (“The Regents”) and you. Please read them.  They apply
to the libraries named above (“Software”), including the media on which you
receive it, if any.  The terms also apply to any updates, upgrades, supplements
and documentation for this Software.  By using this Software, you are accepting
these license terms.  If you do not accept them, do not use the Software.  If
you comply with these license terms, then you have the rights and obligations
below:

1. Grant of License.  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement and
your compliance therewith and to the extent The Regents may lawfully grant such
rights, The Regents hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable
worldwide license to use, reproduce and display the Software for internal, non-
commercial academic research purposes only.  Your rights to use the Software are
limited to those expressly granted in this license.  You have no right to
sublicense, redistribute or prepare derivative works of the Software, or any
portion thereof, under this license.  The license granted to you hereunder is
limited to use of the executable code version of the Software.  All other rights
are expressly reserved by The Regents.  You may not:

* Disclose the results of any tests of the Software to any third party without
The Regents’ prior written approval;

* Workaround any technical limitations in the Software; Reverse engineer,
reverse compile, decompile, or disassemble the Software;

* Make more than one (1) copy of the Software; Publish the Software for others
to copy;

* Rent, lease or lend the Software; Transfer the Software or this agreement to
any third party; or

* Use the Software to provide services to third parties, including hosted
application or Software services, or to otherwise operate a services bureau.

2. Backup Copy. You may make one backup copy of the Software.  You may use it
only to reinstall the Software.

3. Documentation. You may copy and use any documentation about the Software for
your internal reference purposes only.

4. Export Control. This Software may be subject to United States export control
laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international
export laws and regulations that apply to the Software.  These laws include
restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.

5. Support Services. Because this Software is provided “as-is,” The Regents will
not provide any support services for it.

6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY:  THE SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED, INTENDED OR AUTHORIZED
FOR USE  IN ANY TYPE OF SYSTEM OR APPLICATION IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE SYSTEM
OR APPLICATION COULD CREATE A SITUATION WHERE PERSONAL  INJURY OR DEATH MAY
OCCUR (E.G., MEDICAL SYSTEMS, LIFE-SUSTAINING OR LIFE-SAVING SYSTEMS).  THIS
LICENSE, THE SOFTWARE, THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  THE REGENTS MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE
SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT OR OTHER
PROPRIETARY RIGHT.   IN NO EVENT WILL THE REGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM EXERCISE OF THIS LICENSE OR THE
USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTION. This Agreement does not:

* express or imply a warranty or representation as to the validity or scope of
any copyright or other intellectual property rights licensed hereunder;

* express or imply awarranty or representation that anything used under any
license granted in this Agreement is or will be free from infringement of
copyrights, patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties;

* obligate The Regents to bring or prosecute actions or suits against third 
parties for infringement;

* confer by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or rights under any
copyrights, patents or patent applications of The Regents other than Software as 
defined in this Agreement, regardless of whether those copyrights, patents or 
patent applications are dominant or subordinate to Software; or

* obligate The Regents to furnish any know-how not expressly provided herein.

7. Confidentiality.  You agree that the Software and documentation, including
structure, sequence and organization of the Software are proprietary and
confidential to The Regents and you will take all reasonable measures to protect
the confidentiality of the Software and documentation unless, and to the extent,
The Regents makes them available to the public without such restrictions.  You
further agree that all right, title and interest in and to the Software (and all
intellectual property rights embodied therein) or any modification or
improvement thereof made by The Regents or you is proprietary to, and owned by,
The Regents.

8. Copyright Notices; Derivative Works.  You agree: (a) not to remove from any
copies of the Software or documentation any product identification, copyright or
other notices; and (b) not to reproduce, modify, translate or create derivative
works of all or any portion of the Software or documentation except as expressly
permitted by the Agreement.

9. Term and Termination.  Unless otherwise terminated by operation of law or by
acts of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, this
Agreement will be in force from the Effective Date until the first anniversary
of the Effective Date.

10. Use of Names and Trademarks.  Nothing contained in these license terms
confers any right to use in advertising, publicity or other promotional
activities any name, trade name, trademark or other designation of The Regents
(including contraction, abbreviation or simulation of any of the foregoing).
You are not allowed to use the “University of California” name, “The Regents of
the University of California,” or the name, abbreviation, or logo of any campus
of the University of California in any advertising, publicity or other
promotional activities.

11. Indemnification.  You will indemnify, hold harmless and defend The Regents,
its officers, employees and agents; the sponsors of the research that led to the
Software and documentation; and the authors or developers of the  Software and
documentation against any and all claims, suits, losses, liabilities, damages,
costs, fees and expenses resulting from or arising out of your  exercise of this
license.

12. Assignability.  This Agreement may be assigned by The Regents, but is
personal to you and assignable by you only with the written consent of The
Regents.

13. Governing Laws.  This agreement will be interpreted and construed in
accordance with the laws of the state of California without regard to conflict
of laws or to which party drafted particular provisions of this agreement, but
the scope and validity of any copyright will be governed by the applicable laws
of the country of the copyright.  Disputes between the parties regarding this
Agreement will utilize only judicial courts within California.

14.  Limitation on and Exclusion of Remedies and Damages.  You can recover from
The Regents only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00.  You cannot recover any other
damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental
damages.  This limitation applies to claims for breach of contract, breach of
warranty, guarantee, or conditions, strict liability, negligence or other tor to
the extent permitted by applicable law. This limitation applies even if The
Regents knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.

15. Severability.  In case any of the provisions contained in this Agreement is
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, that invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provisions of this
Agreement and this Agreement will be construed as if the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provisions had never been contained in it.

16. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement embodies the entire understanding of the
parties and supersedes all previous communications, representations or
understandings, either oral or written, between the parties relating to the
subject matter hereof.

                          END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
